Landing page revision (#24)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/page.md

# Pages

> eZ Commerce adds the following blocks for the Page Builder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eZ Commerce adds the following blocks to the Page Builder:
```

- Last viewed items - list of products recently viewed by the current user
- Bestsellers - list of bestsellers for a given product category
- Product slider - slider for products grouped with tabs

> ![Page](img/page_1.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Page](img/landing_page_1.png)  
```
Also, last time I spoke to Magda, she insisted that all images should have a caption.

Author: I changed the file name to correspond to current naming (see top of the diff).
Also, I think we must have an alt text for every image, but not a caption, when the surrounding text is clear.

Reviewer: Now I see what you mean. We must then discuss the caption idea in the afternoon. However, the two images are different and the new one does not clearly show the three block types. Can we go back to it later and pick a clearer example?

Author: Definitely, best after the next release.

|Bestsellers|`IbexaPlatformCommercePageBuilderBundle:blocks:bestseller.html.twig`|Uses the `SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Bestsellers:getBestsellers` subcontroller and the `SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Bestsellers:bestsellers_box.html.twig` template|
|Product slider|`IbexaPlatformCommercePageBuilderBundle:blocks:product_slider.html.twig`|Uses the `SilversolutionsEshopBundle:EzFlow:getSkuListByString` subcontroller and the `SisoEzStudioBundle:blocks:product_slider_tabs.html.twig` template|

## Page API

### Last viewed products

The products are recorded by means of a JavaScript call. To use it on other pages as well, place the following code in a template:

``` html+twig
{{ render_esi(
    controller(
        'silver_eshop.catalog_controller:storeProductAsLastViewedAction',
        {"sku": catalogElement.sku}
    )) }}
```

After each call, the cache for the last viewed product slider is purged.
By default, the view is rendered by an ESI block and cached per user.
When the customer visits a new product, the list is purged and regenerated the next time it is displayed. 

Products are stored in the session.

#### Displaying products

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To display a list of recently viewed products, place the following code in a template:

```

``` html+twig
{{ render_esi(
    controller(
        'Silversolutions\\Bundle\\EshopBundle\\Controller\\EzFlowController::showLastViewedProductsAction',
        { }
    )) }}
```

> The controller is able to render a different template if required (parameter template).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller is able to render a different template if required (a parameter template).
```

`SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Catalog:slider.html.twig` is used by default. 

The caching strategy can be defined in the config file. The strategy is dynamic, so use `vary: cookie`.

``` yaml
silver_eshop.default.http_cache:
    last_viewed_products:
        max_age: 36000
        vary: cookie
```

> You can configure the maximum number of last viewed products in configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the maximum number of last viewed products by selecting
```

> in **eCommerce** -> **Configuration Settings** -> **Catalog** -> **Last viewed product limit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**eCommerce** -> **Configuration Settings** -> **Catalog** -> **Last viewed product limit**.
```
